_careers/c-machine-learning-engineer.md, before:

---
layout: careers
title: "Machine Learning Engineer"
description: "Elevate your career in Machine Learning at zCore, where innovation meets expertise. As a Machine Learning Engineer in our remote-first company, you'll be at the forefront of designing and implementing advanced systems, utilizing a diverse skill set encompassing Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API. "
apps_logo: "/assets/images/solutions/professional_services.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-copy-file"
link: "/careers/c-machine-learning-engineer"
order: 3
tags:
  - Machine Learning
  - Python
  - FastAPI
  - LangChain
  - Notion API
  - Typescript
  - Flutter
  - Document Management System
  - GPT-4
  - AI Technologies
  - Web Frameworks
  - PDFMiner
  - python-docx
  - HuggingFace
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "70000"
salary_max: "120000"
validThrough: "2024-12-31"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:
**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you enthusiastic about pushing the boundaries of Machine Learning and contributing to the development of cutting-edge systems? zCore, a remote-first company, is on the lookout for a passionate Machine Learning Engineer to join our innovative team. In this role, you will play a key part in designing, implementing, and maintaining complex machine learning systems. If you have a deep understanding of multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API, and are eager to bring your expertise to a dynamic and collaborative environment, we invite you to be at the forefront of shaping the future of machine learning at zCore.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Design and implement machine learning models and algorithms to address business challenges.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate machine learning solutions into existing systems.
- Build and maintain scalable and efficient machine learning pipelines.
- Conduct exploratory data analysis and feature engineering to enhance model performance.
- Stay abreast of the latest developments in machine learning and contribute to the adoption of new technologies.
- Utilize multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Machine Learning Engineer with a strong portfolio of successful projects.
- Proficiency in multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API.
- Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, model deployment, and maintenance.
- Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to collaborate in a fast-paced, remote environment.
- Passion for staying updated on advancements in machine learning and related technologies.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Machine Learning Engineer and be a driving force in advancing our machine learning capabilities. Your passion for innovation, diverse skill set, and expertise in multiple platforms will contribute to the success of our projects and the evolution of machine learning at zCore. If you're ready to shape the future of intelligent solutions, apply now and become an integral part of our dynamic and forward-thinking team.

Commit message:

adding some language around soft skills

_careers/c-machine-learning-engineer.md, after:

---
layout: careers
title: "Machine Learning Engineer"
description: "Elevate your career in Machine Learning at zCore, where innovation meets expertise. As a Machine Learning Engineer in our remote-first company, you'll be at the forefront of designing and implementing advanced systems, utilizing a diverse skill set encompassing Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API. "
apps_logo: "/assets/images/solutions/professional_services.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-copy-file"
link: "/careers/c-machine-learning-engineer"
order: 3
tags:
  - Machine Learning
  - Python
  - FastAPI
  - LangChain
  - Notion API
  - Typescript
  - Flutter
  - Document Management System
  - GPT-4
  - AI Technologies
  - Web Frameworks
  - PDFMiner
  - python-docx
  - HuggingFace
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "70000"
salary_max: "120000"
validThrough: "2024-12-31"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:
**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you enthusiastic about pushing the boundaries of Machine Learning and contributing to the development of cutting-edge systems? zCore, a remote-first company, is on the lookout for a passionate Machine Learning Engineer to join our innovative team. In this role, you will play a key part in designing, implementing, and maintaining complex machine learning systems. If you have a deep understanding of multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API, and are eager to bring your expertise to a dynamic and collaborative environment, we invite you to be at the forefront of shaping the future of machine learning at zCore.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Design and implement machine learning models and algorithms to address business challenges.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate machine learning solutions into existing systems.
- Build and maintain scalable and efficient machine learning pipelines.
- Conduct exploratory data analysis and feature engineering to enhance model performance.
- Stay abreast of the latest developments in machine learning and contribute to the adoption of new technologies.
- Utilize multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Machine Learning Engineer with a strong portfolio of successful projects.
- Proficiency in multiple programming languages and platforms, including Python, Java, SQL, FastAPI, LangChain, and Notion API.
- Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, model deployment, and maintenance.
- Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to collaborate in a fast-paced, remote environment.
- Passion for staying updated on advancements in machine learning and related technologies.
- Strong communication, soft skills and the ability to work effectively in a remote, collaborative environment.


### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Machine Learning Engineer and be a driving force in advancing our machine learning capabilities. Your passion for innovation, diverse skill set, and expertise in multiple platforms will contribute to the success of our projects and the evolution of machine learning at zCore. If you're ready to shape the future of intelligent solutions, apply now and become an integral part of our dynamic and forward-thinking team.
