_careers/d-data-analyst.md, before:

---
layout: careers
title: "Data Analyst"
description: "Become a crucial player in the world of data at zCore as a Data Analyst. In this remote role, you'll be at the forefront of transforming data into actionable insights, influencing key decision making processes. If you have a passion for uncovering patterns, a keen analytical mindset, and a desire to contribute to a data-driven culture, join us in harnessing the power of information to drive innovation and success."
apps_logo: "/assets/images/careers/open-position.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/d-data-analyst"
order: 4
tags:
  - SoftwareDevelopment
  - ProblemSolving
  - AgileMethodologies
  - Communication
  - SQL
  - Python
  - R
  - Excel
  - Tableau
  - PowerBI
  - Visualization
  - Statistics
  - Regression
  - Cleaning
  - ETL
  - Git
  - Warehousing
  - ProblemSolving
  - CriticalThinking
  - DetailOriented
  - Curiosity
  - Collaboration
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "70000"
salary_max: "110000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you passionate about transforming raw data into meaningful insights? zCore, a forward-thinking remote company, is in search of a talented Data Analyst to join our team. As a Data Analyst, you'll play a pivotal role in driving data-driven decision-making processes across the organization. If you have a keen eye for detail, a love for uncovering patterns, and a knack for translating complex data into actionable recommendations, we invite you to be a part of our dynamic and collaborative team.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Collect, clean, and analyze large datasets to extract valuable insights and trends.
- Develop and maintain reports and dashboards to visualize data for various stakeholders.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide data-driven solutions.
- Identify opportunities for process improvement and efficiency through data analysis.
- Conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden patterns and correlations.
- Stay informed about industry trends and emerging technologies in data analysis.-

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Data Analyst with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Proficiency in data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI) and SQL.
- Knowledge of statistical analysis and experience using statistical tools.
- Excellent communication skills to convey complex findings in a clear and concise manner.
- Strong attention to detail and the ability to work independently or in a collaborative environment.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Data Analyst and be at the forefront of driving data-driven decision-making processes within our innovative remote company. Your analytical prowess will be instrumental in shaping our strategies and ensuring we stay ahead in a dynamic business landscape. If you're ready to make an impact with your data expertise, apply now and become an integral part of our data-driven journey.

Commit message:

adding some language around soft skills

_careers/d-data-analyst.md, after:

---
layout: careers
title: "Data Analyst"
description: "Become a crucial player in the world of data at zCore as a Data Analyst. In this remote role, you'll be at the forefront of transforming data into actionable insights, influencing key decision making processes. If you have a passion for uncovering patterns, a keen analytical mindset, and a desire to contribute to a data-driven culture, join us in harnessing the power of information to drive innovation and success."
apps_logo: "/assets/images/careers/open-position.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/d-data-analyst"
order: 4
tags:
  - SoftwareDevelopment
  - ProblemSolving
  - AgileMethodologies
  - Communication
  - SQL
  - Python
  - R
  - Excel
  - Tableau
  - PowerBI
  - Visualization
  - Statistics
  - Regression
  - Cleaning
  - ETL
  - Git
  - Warehousing
  - ProblemSolving
  - CriticalThinking
  - DetailOriented
  - Curiosity
  - Collaboration
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "70000"
salary_max: "110000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you passionate about transforming raw data into meaningful insights? zCore, a forward-thinking remote company, is in search of a talented Data Analyst to join our team. As a Data Analyst, you'll play a pivotal role in driving data-driven decision-making processes across the organization. If you have a keen eye for detail, a love for uncovering patterns, and a knack for translating complex data into actionable recommendations, we invite you to be a part of our dynamic and collaborative team.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Collect, clean, and analyze large datasets to extract valuable insights and trends.
- Develop and maintain reports and dashboards to visualize data for various stakeholders.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide data-driven solutions.
- Identify opportunities for process improvement and efficiency through data analysis.
- Conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden patterns and correlations.
- Stay informed about industry trends and emerging technologies in data analysis.-

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Data Analyst with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Proficiency in data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI) and SQL.
- Knowledge of statistical analysis and experience using statistical tools.
- Strong attention to detail and the ability to work independently or with a team.
- Strong communication, soft skills and the ability to work effectively in a remote, collaborative environment.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Data Analyst and be at the forefront of driving data-driven decision-making processes within our innovative remote company. Your analytical prowess will be instrumental in shaping our strategies and ensuring we stay ahead in a dynamic business landscape. If you're ready to make an impact with your data expertise, apply now and become an integral part of our data-driven journey.
