_careers/e-solutions-architect.md, before:

---
layout: careers
title: "Solutions Architect"
description: "Elevate your career as a Solutions Architect at zCore, where innovation meets impact. In this remote position, you'll lead the charge in designing and implementing cutting-edge solutions, bringing your technical prowess to the forefront. Beyond architecture, your role extends to crafting compelling technical and proposal documentation, influencing the success of our projects and contributing to our client's journey towards excellence."
apps_logo: "/assets/images/careers/open-position.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/e-solutions-architect"
order: 5
tags:
  - SoftwareArchitecture
  - ProblemSolving
  - AgileMethodologies
  - Communication
  - PositiveAttitude
  - TeamCollaboration
  - Writing
  - Editing
  - Research
  - Documentation
  - Clarity
  - Formatting
  - Proofreading
  - Adaptability
  - Simplification
  - Organization
  - Collaboration
  - Grammar
  - Proposals
  - Style
  - RFI
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "80000"
salary_max: "120000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you a tech-savvy problem solver with a knack for translating complex technical solutions into compelling proposals? zCore, a thriving remote company, is seeking a versatile Solutions Architect to lead the design and implementation of innovative solutions for our clients. In this role, you'll blend technical expertise with effective communication, contributing not only to the architectural vision but also to the development of persuasive technical and proposal documentation. If you're ready to shape the future of our projects and collaborate with cross-functional teams, join us on this exciting journey.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Collaborate with clients to understand their business needs and design tailored technical solutions.
- Lead the development of comprehensive technical and proposal documentation for client presentations.
- Create and present architectural designs, explaining complex concepts in a clear and concise manner.
- Work closely with development teams to ensure the successful implementation of proposed solutions.
- Stay abreast of emerging technologies and industry trends to inform solution design.
- Provide technical guidance and mentorship to team members.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Solutions Architect with expertise in technical and proposal writing.
- Strong understanding of software architecture, cloud technologies, and system integration.
- Excellent communication and presentation skills to convey technical concepts to diverse audiences.
- Experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams and managing client relationships.
- Ability to balance technical depth with a pragmatic approach to problem-solving.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Solutions Architect and play a pivotal role in shaping the technical solutions that drive our client projects. Your technical and proposal writing skills will be instrumental in showcasing our capabilities and winning exciting opportunities. If you're passionate about designing innovative solutions and thrive in a collaborative, remote environment, apply now to be a key player in defining the success of our projects.

Commit message:

adding some language around soft skills

_careers/e-solutions-architect.md, after:

---
layout: careers
title: "Solutions Architect"
description: "Elevate your career as a Solutions Architect at zCore, where innovation meets impact. In this remote position, you'll lead the charge in designing and implementing cutting-edge solutions, bringing your technical prowess to the forefront. Beyond architecture, your role extends to crafting compelling technical and proposal documentation, influencing the success of our projects and contributing to our client's journey towards excellence."
apps_logo: "/assets/images/careers/open-position.jpeg"
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/e-solutions-architect"
order: 5
tags:
  - SoftwareArchitecture
  - ProblemSolving
  - AgileMethodologies
  - Communication
  - PositiveAttitude
  - TeamCollaboration
  - Writing
  - Editing
  - Research
  - Documentation
  - Clarity
  - Formatting
  - Proofreading
  - Adaptability
  - Simplification
  - Organization
  - Collaboration
  - Grammar
  - Proposals
  - Style
  - RFI
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "80000"
salary_max: "120000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you a tech-savvy problem solver with a knack for translating complex technical solutions into compelling proposals? zCore, a thriving remote company, is seeking a versatile Solutions Architect to lead the design and implementation of innovative solutions for our clients. In this role, you'll blend technical expertise with effective communication, contributing not only to the architectural vision but also to the development of persuasive technical and proposal documentation. If you're ready to shape the future of our projects and collaborate with cross-functional teams, join us on this exciting journey.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Collaborate with clients to understand their business needs and design tailored technical solutions.
- Lead the development of comprehensive technical and proposal documentation for client presentations.
- Create and present architectural designs, explaining complex concepts in a clear and concise manner.
- Work closely with development teams to ensure the successful implementation of proposed solutions.
- Stay abreast of emerging technologies and industry trends to inform solution design.
- Provide technical guidance and mentorship to team members.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Solutions Architect with expertise in technical and proposal writing.
- Strong understanding of software architecture, cloud technologies, and system integration.
- Experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams and managing client relationships.
- Ability to balance technical depth with a pragmatic approach to problem-solving.
- Strong communication, soft skills and the ability to work effectively in a remote, collaborative environment.


### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a Solutions Architect and play a pivotal role in shaping the technical solutions that drive our client projects. Your technical and proposal writing skills will be instrumental in showcasing our capabilities and winning exciting opportunities. If you're passionate about designing innovative solutions and thrive in a collaborative, remote environment, apply now to be a key player in defining the success of our projects.
