_careers/f-ux-designer.md, before:

---
layout: careers
title: "UX Designer"
description: "Embark on a creative journey with zCore as a UX Designer, where your passion for crafting intuitive and visually stunning user experiences takes center stage. As a vital member of our remote team, you'll delve into user research, create engaging prototypes, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to bring your design concepts to life."
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/f-ux-designer"
order: 6
tags:
  - UXDesign
  - UserCentered
  - Prototyping
  - Research
  - Lean
  - Iterative
  - Communication
  - Collaboration
  - Figma
  - Adobe
  - Sketch
  - Agile
  - Presentation
  - Javascript
  - UCD
  - Remote
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "80000"
salary_max: "140000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you a creative thinker with a passion for crafting seamless user experiences? zCore, a remote-first company, is seeking a talented UX Designer to join our team. In this role, you'll be at the forefront of human-centered design, conducting user research, creating interactive prototypes, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver visually stunning and intuitive user interfaces. If you have a keen eye for detail, a deep understanding of user behavior, and a flair for transforming ideas into compelling designs, we invite you to be a key player in shaping the user experience at zCore.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Conduct user research to understand user needs, behaviors, and pain points.
- Collaborate with product managers and developers to define and implement user-centered design solutions.
- Create wireframes, interactive prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups to visualize design concepts.
- Iterate on designs based on user feedback, usability testing, and data-driven insights.
- Champion human-centered design principles, ensuring a user-centric approach in all design decisions.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure consistent and cohesive user experiences across products.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Graphic Design, HCI, UX/UI Design, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a UX Designer with a strong portfolio showcasing design projects.
- Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch, Figma, or Adobe Creative Suite.
- Strong understanding of user research methodologies and usability testing.
- Excellent communication and collaboration skills with the ability to present and justify design decisions.
- Passion for staying updated on industry trends and emerging design technologies.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a UX Designer and play a crucial role in shaping the user experiences that define our digital products. Your expertise in user research, human-centered design, and visual aesthetics will contribute to the success of our projects and enhance the overall satisfaction of our users. If you're ready to bring creativity and innovation to the forefront of our design process, apply now and be a part of the exciting journey at zCore.

Commit message:

adding some language around soft skills

_careers/f-ux-designer.md, after:

---
layout: careers
title: "UX Designer"
description: "Embark on a creative journey with zCore as a UX Designer, where your passion for crafting intuitive and visually stunning user experiences takes center stage. As a vital member of our remote team, you'll delve into user research, create engaging prototypes, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to bring your design concepts to life."
apps_icon: "pe-7s-code"
link: "/careers/f-ux-designer"
order: 6
tags:
  - UXDesign
  - UserCentered
  - Prototyping
  - Research
  - Lean
  - Iterative
  - Communication
  - Collaboration
  - Figma
  - Adobe
  - Sketch
  - Agile
  - Presentation
  - Javascript
  - UCD
  - Remote
location: "TELECOMMUTE"
salary_min: "80000"
salary_max: "140000"
validThrough: "2024-12-01"
city: Anywhere
state: Anywhere
job_id:
---

### Location:

**Remote (US)**

### Description:
Are you a creative thinker with a passion for crafting seamless user experiences? zCore, a remote-first company, is seeking a talented UX Designer to join our team. In this role, you'll be at the forefront of human-centered design, conducting user research, creating interactive prototypes, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver visually stunning and intuitive user interfaces. If you have a keen eye for detail, a deep understanding of user behavior, and a flair for transforming ideas into compelling designs, we invite you to be a key player in shaping the user experience at zCore.

### Key Responsibilities:
- Conduct user research to understand user needs, behaviors, and pain points.
- Collaborate with product managers and developers to define and implement user-centered design solutions.
- Create wireframes, interactive prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups to visualize design concepts.
- Iterate on designs based on user feedback, usability testing, and data-driven insights.
- Champion human-centered design principles, ensuring a user-centric approach in all design decisions.
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure consistent and cohesive user experiences across products.

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Graphic Design, HCI, UX/UI Design, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a UX Designer with a strong portfolio showcasing design projects.
- Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch, Figma, or Adobe Creative Suite.
- Strong understanding of user research methodologies and usability testing.
- Passion for staying updated on industry trends and emerging design technologies.
- Strong communication, soft skills and the ability to work effectively in a remote, collaborative environment.

### Perks and Benefits:
- Competitive salary with performance-based incentives.
- Fully remote work environment with flexible hours.
- Opportunities for professional development and continued learning.
- Comprehensive health and wellness benefits.
- Engaging virtual team-building activities and events.

Join zCore as a UX Designer and play a crucial role in shaping the user experiences that define our digital products. Your expertise in user research, human-centered design, and visual aesthetics will contribute to the success of our projects and enhance the overall satisfaction of our users. If you're ready to bring creativity and innovation to the forefront of our design process, apply now and be a part of the exciting journey at zCore.
